<table border="1" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="400">
<tr>
<td>
<table border="0" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<th align="center" colspan="2" style="background:#cef2e0;" width="25">  Notice
</th></tr>
<tr>
<td style="background:#cef2e0;" width="20">
</td><td align="center"> This article is about a clan that is considered active. Any featured information may be outdated due to events in the clan. Feel free to correct any inaccuracies.
</td></tr></table>
</td></tr></table>

'''annuit Coeptis''' ('''[aC]''')

== Thin Story ==
Annuit Coeptis was created in September 2006 by Legend, Thor, Kyudo and Miku.
The clan developed fast and when it had been up for 3 months it got voted into
the Alliance by clans like [Osp], [AoG] and [OwZ].
The clan's success came to an end in June 2007 when suddenly a lot of members
left the clan, and this led to [aC]'s sudden death.

A few months passed by, the former members of [aC], Thor and Lodur were denied
membership to the [Uw] clan. At that point they got the idea to ressurect [aC] and
they managed to withdraw Legend from [Uw].
In October 2007, those three players - together with Lablad aka. Luffy rebuilded
the Annuit Coeptis ruins and a second era was a fact.
One highlight during the second era is deffinately when [aC] clashed with [FoH] in
one of the bloodiest battles between clans the LieroVerse, and today it's hard
to imagine another scenario like it will occur again, especially since [FoH] is inactive.
In June 2008, a lot of members were fed up with the current crew's currently
arguing inside the clan, those argues is however just one of many reasons why
the members decided to close down [aC] once again.
Thor, Legend, Luffy and Xandoz from [aC] formed a new pack with the former [Uw]
members Flare, oSq, Agn. Together they created what would later on be one of
LieroX's strongest clans, [WvW] - World of vanishing Warriors.

Time passed by, and in April 2009 the two strong clans {Q} and ~A~ suddenly died.
Thor from ~A~ and Lodur from {Q} wanted to stick together once again and together
with the former {Q} profiles SorZ and Jage, they decided to give a last shot at [aC],
and the third era was a fact the 26th of April 2009. Since then, the clan goes strong.
A few members has left and a few new players have joined since April 2009, one of
the most remarkable recruitments for the third era is Legend, who dropped out from
his creation [WvW] back to his roots: [aC] - Annuit Coeptis.

= Players (2009-2011) =
=== Members ===
* [aC] Anni
* [aC] Filmons
* [aC] [[Lodur]]
* [aC] Puni"
* [aC] Slim
* [aC] [[SorZ]]

===== Trial Members =====
* (aC) O"Neill

=== Honorary Members ===
* [aC] Cumiques.
* [aC] [[Legend]]
* [aC] Luffy
* [aC] rambake
* [aC] Thor

==== Former Members ====
* [aC] Jage (Retired)
* [aC] Karma. (Kicked)
* [aC] magma (Kicked)
* [aC] Cizin| (Retired)
* [aC] Lucifer" (Retired)

==== Former Trials ====
Mashkito, druFF, Iliera, T-Bag, Hermod

== Members between 2006-2008 ==
Legend, Luffy, Thor, Lodur, Mashkito, druFF, Aegir, Hermod, QuiverZ, Vux, Xandoz, Blade, Aerius, Tafka, MooSe, Barthalomew, Dread, Yehaa, Duality, Loke, DeD, DreaM, Miku, Trust, Kyudo, Villetys, Flip, Howdy, Ypsilon, TeddyKGB, Data, PiipqU, Durza

= Clanwars =
=== Results ===
Both current and old stats can be found [/forum/index.php/board,139.0.html here.]

=== Settings ===
* Loading Time: 20%-100%
* Mods: Most of them, but preferable Liero v1.0
* Levels: All standard levels, with some exceptions

= Related Links =
=== Current ===
* [aC] 2009-2011 [/forum/index.php/board,122.0.html Clan board at LXA]

=== Old ===
* [aC] 2007-2008 [http://lxalliance.net/forum/index.php/topic,7340.0.html Clan thread at LXA]
* [aC] 2006-2007 [/forum/index.php/topic,2356.0.html Clan thread at LXA]

[[Category:Clans]]

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20110721135649/http://www.openlierox.net/wiki/index.php/Annuit_Coeptis -->
