<table border="1" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="400">
<tr>
<td>
<table border="0" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<th align="center" colspan="2" style="background:#cef2e0;" width="25">  Notice
</th></tr>
<tr>
<td style="background:#cef2e0;" width="20">
</td><td align="center"> This article is about a clan that is considered active. Any featured information may be outdated due to events in the clan. Feel free to correct any inaccuracies.
</td></tr></table>
</td></tr></table>

'''Army of Glory''' ('''[AoG]''')

= History =
The weather is a bit warmer in Europe than it usually is, however some people were thinking for weeks to make something new, something unique for Liero Extreme.
Then, ~ALT~ and Vp came up with an idea. What about making a new clan?
So they decided to merge, and here we go: [AoG]
Most of its players have played with Liero Extreme for a long time, and we hope, each of us will be apart of a great Team:).
December 27 2006...- by the founders.

== Dates ==
* January: Z01 leaves because of his real life problems, the other "leader" is away, so the clan nearly dies, everyone leaves,at the end Gyogyi, and Caldeth remain.
* April: After being quiet for a month the clan takes a big blow, members decided to come back, finally everything is seeming to be nice and cool.
* 11th of May: Cl!FF comes back to lierox and joins the clan.
* 18thof May: Thomas joins the clan.
* 9-14th of July: Pelimies and Worminator leave the clan, on their own, however the friendship stays.
* 24th of July: Tafka begins his test period as the only trial in the clan.
* Late August: Pelimies rejoins to the clan, Virtue gets kicked.
* First week of September: Tafkas Trial period ends.
* 27th of September: Worminator rejoins.
* 7th of October: Army of Glory, becomes an LXA Allied clan.
* 23rd of November: SoUa joins [AoG] as a trail.
* 19th of January: Pelimies leaves [AoG].
* 14th of February: SoUa passed the trail and is promoted to a full member, we also have a new trail member, [AoG]ninjalewter.

= Members =
All currently active members are found here, retired members will be placed on there own.

== Founders/Leaders ==
* [AoG]'SL'''Gyogyi''
* [AoG] ->Z01<-

== Co-Leaders ==
* [AoG]'PK'Ahmed(Legendkiller)

== Messiah ==
* [AoG] St. Bakker (Bakker_182)

== Normal members ==
* [AoG]’AR’Tyrael
* [AoG]'wn'Caldeth
* [AoG]'FQ' Twister
* [AoG]'DJ'Cl!FF
* [AoG]'HP'Thomas
* [AoG] Worminator/ straight Fairy
* [AoG] Kunoichi
* [AoG] Tiger
* [AoG] SoUa

== Retired Members ==
* [AoG] Pelimies

== Old Members ==
* [AoG] RIPA

= Hosts =
== [AoG] Z01 ==
* Size: For 8 players normally.
* Server IP: Static
* Location: The Netherlands
* Server Details:8 Mbit, 100lt games,

== [AoG]''Gyogyi'' ==
* Size: For 5-6 players
* Server IP: Dynamic
* Location: Hungary
* Server Details:2 Mbit, Both 20lt and 100lt games

== [AoG] Legendkiller ==
* Size: For 8 players
* Server IP: Ultra Dynamic
* Location: Canada
* Server Details: 10mbps , 100lt games(multimod), 20lt if seriously asking me.

== [AoG] Caldeth ==
* Size: For 4 players
* Server IP: Dynamic
* Location: Estonia
* Server Details: Both 20lt and 100lt games

== [AoG] Twister ==
* Size: For 8 players
* Server IP: Dynamic
* Location: Finland
* Server Details: Mostly 100lt games

== [AoG] Cl!FF ==
* Size: For 8 players
* Server IP: Stable
* Location: The Netherlands
* Server Details: Mostly 100lt games

== [AoG] Thomas ==
* Size: For 8 players
* Server IP: Dynamic
* Location: Poland
* Server Details: Both 20lt and 100lt games

== [AoG] Worminator ==
* Size: For 8 players
* Server IP: Dynamic
* Location: The Netherlands
* Server Details: 100lt multimod

== [AoG] Bakker ==
* Size: For 8 players
* Server IP: Dynamic
* Location: The Netherlands
* Server Details: 100lt multimod

== [AoG] RIPA ==
* Size: For 8 players
* Server IP: Dynamic
* Location: Finland
* Server Details: Mostly 20lt and 100lt rounds

== [AoG] Kunoichi ==
* Max players: 8
* IP changes: Don't know and don't care (I rarely host)
* Settings: Almost anything if requested.
* Most common maps: There ain't any. Anything is possible if I just have it.

[[Category:Clans]]

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20110721135633/http://www.openlierox.net/wiki/index.php/Army_of_Glory -->
