<table border="1" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="400">
<tr>
<td>
<table border="0" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<th align="center" colspan="2" style="background:#EFAAAA;" width="25">  Notice
</th></tr>
<tr>
<td style="background:#EFAAAA;" width="20">
</td><td align="center"> This article is about a clan that has been tagged dead. Any info is to be considered purely of historical value. Feel free to correct any inaccuracies.
</td></tr></table>
</td></tr></table>

== [bio] - Bring it on ==
=== History ===
After Exigo joined Nightmare Ninjas - [nn], Calum started up the Bring it on clan – [bio] on the 26th of September 2004.
Calum went inactive for half a year playing a couple games now and then due to school work and such. (Due to time zones you wouldn’t see him.)
Later on he started recruiting, he managed to get a couple members. (Zeico, Winn3r, Boy, Shredder and Reamus.) He also put in a ranking system.
Until the end of 2005 they only are playing games within the clan.

After the holidays the clan starts to recruit, Littletodds, Tali and Fleabag are recruited while Boy, Shredder and Zeico quit LieroX.
Reamus changes his name to Strikeforce and then shortly after quits LieroX.
The clan starts to become really active starting to clanwar and such, the [bio] clan has roughly 27 wins and 6 losses unfortunately these results were erased when the [bio] private forums crashed.
Raider and Poonwalk join the clan.
When the board crashed we made a new one, shortly after part of the [bio] clan merged into Resolutions Assault – |RA| Tali, Poonwalk and Raider left for this.

[bio] still went strong having 4 more clanwar wins and no losses before making a better board on Invisionfree.
From then on [bio] recruited Terminator and Winn3r changed his name to SiL3nT.
Fleabag then changes his name to L3G3ND.
At the end of 2006 L3G3ND leaves the clan for [leke] and clan activity in [bio] is depleted.
Three months later L3G3ND comes back to [bio] as Shade and continues making it bigger.

This time however only Calum was left in the clan, therefore it is just Shade and him.
The clan goes steady with two members before recruiting more members.
Shade recruits Ragshak, da_nick, Animemasta, Cookman69 and Gang$ta and Kakashi.
Calum invites Trinity to the clan and they start having regular games.
Gang$ta and Cookman69 decide to retire from LieroX.
Shade then recruits Claw, Dish, Platehead, Rusty and kicks Kakashi from the clan for inactivity.

We clanwar a little during 2007 – 2008 finishing with a total of 8 wins, 1 draw and 11 losses.
The clan then goes inactive and after a month the [bio] clan decided together that it was best to retire as a clan.
Members have since gone their own ways.

== Member list ==
All currently active members are found here, retired members will be placed on there own.

=== Founders/Leaders ===
* Calumoh
* Shade

=== Members ===
* Animemasta
* Bills/Trinity
* Claw
* Da_nick
* Dish
* Platehead
* Ragshak

=== Retired Members ===
* Ben
* Cookman69
* Gang$ta
* Littletodds
* Pixel
* Raider
* Rusty
* SiL3nT
* Tali
* Zeico

== Clan Wars ==
Although not a complete list this is what we finished with.

=== War Record ===
Wins - 8
Draws - 1
Losses - 11

Bring it on - Opponents - Result - Link to more info

# Bring it on - Free Fighters - 2>0 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=210>
# Bring it on - RSF - 2>0 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=215>
# Bring it on - Nothing Much - 2>1 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=211>
# Bring it on - Quite Worthy - 1<2 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=141>
# Bring it on - (V)en of Valour - 0<2 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=147>
# Bring it on - (V)en of Valour - 1<2 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=148>
# Bring it on - Junior School Players - 0<2 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=151>
# Bring it on - (V)en of Valour - 0<2 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=152>
# Bring it on - Army of Glory - 0<2 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=159>
# Bring it on - (V)en of Valour - 1<2 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=193>
# Bring it on - Smoke that Good Shit - 1<2 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=204>
# Bring it on - Army of Glory - 0<2 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=212>
# Bring it on - United Warriors - 0<2 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=213>
# Bring it on - Silent Killers - 2>1 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=214>
# Bring it on - The Nightly Team - 2>0 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=217>
# Bring it on - The Nightly Team - 2>0 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=218>
# Bring it on - The Nightly Team - 2>0 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=219>
# Bring it on - Quality - 1-1 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=220>
# Bring it on - Men of Valor - 1<2 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=221>
# Bring it on - Champions of Australia - 2>0 - <http://z8.invisionfree.com/Gobio/index.php?showtopic=222>

=== War statistics ===
Number of Wars: 20
War victories: 8
War defeats: 11
War draws: 1
War winning percentage: 42.5%

Total number of rounds: 47
Number of confirmed rounds: 40
Rounds won: 22
Rounds lost: 25
Winning percentage: 46.8%

[[Category:Clans]]
[[Category:Retired clans]]

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20110721135403/http://www.openlierox.net/wiki/index.php/Bring_it_On -->
