== The Beginning ==
[C4] was originally founded by Lox, Kins and Dain sometime near April of 2005. The leaders wore Lox and Kins. It was mainly a professional mortar clan, with very skilled mortar players at the time. Things wore going great, with playing mortars and nothing else, everyone was active. In the summer, it got crazy, many people wore active, there wore many [C4] servers, and many members playing competitively. When September arose, the leaders become more and more inactive. September, October, November past, still leaders wore active one day, and not the other. The quitting of the co-leader (anarchypay) made it hard for the clan to go on. In November and December, during the winter holydays, the leaders re-appeared, the concept of PMA(pro-mortar alliance) was created, many pro mortar clans participated, many did not last, and many dominated ([AMB] and waA|), [C4] was ranked last in world of mortars. The leaders got into CW’s and lost, and members started leaving, in opportunity for grace in other clans. Faisal was introduced as a co-leader, to reshape the clan, and organize the battered system. After the winter breaks, members started to disappear, and the leaders wore also gone, leaving Faisal to manage the whole clan. At the same time the demand of other clans, multi-mod fad became very popular. Weeks past, and recruiting for members who are of skilled in multi-mod became harder and harder, also since [C4] was not going anywhere. Faisal decided in order to get members, he amalgamated with {spz}, turned to [Cz4], very good concept, but leadership problems, made it hard to continue, and was split. Few more weeks after, at the end of February, it was time for Faisal to end it all, [C4] was considered dead.

== [C4] reborn ==
Faisal, then on May 14, 2006, decided to bring back [C4] with a fellow loyal member of {oOo}, Purplehaze. Only reason for starting up the clan was to gather up the most friendly/ active members. [C4] reborn became a multimod clan, and was mainly active through the summer of 2006.

== Members ==
=== Leaders ===
* Lox
* Kins

=== Co leaders ===
* Anarchypay
* Faisal

=== Regular Members ===
* DaEvil1
* Nighthawk
* Strm
* Lord Marek
* Baby~Yale
* Chaos
* TmYn
* Jesper
* Dain
* Noobslayer51
* Swift
* Apocalypse
* Army_Man

== Reborn Members ==
=== Leaders ===
* Faisal
* [[Purplehaze]]

=== Regular Members ===
* Chaos
* Wildcat
* Moo
* Assassin/Roxas/Riku/Dusk
* Darkazn
* Darkangel
* FunkyFellow

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20110721151439/http://www.openlierox.net/wiki/index.php/C4 -->
