<table border="1" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="400">
<tr>
<td>
<table border="0" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<th align="center" colspan="2" style="background:#cef2e0;" width="25">  Notice
</th></tr>
<tr>
<td style="background:#cef2e0;" width="20">
</td><td align="center"> This article is about a player considered active. Any featured information may be outdated due to   any recent events. Feel free to correct any inaccuracies.
</td></tr></table>
</td></tr></table>

== Real Life ==
Calvi's name is Alexis. He was born on august, 29th 1990.
He lives in France, in Paris.
He has one sister, who is married, and a brother.
He likes sport, and especially Soccer, Tennis and Volleyball.
His favorite music groups are The Strokes, The Dandy Warhols, and Arctic Monkeys, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Scorpions, The Hives.... So, Rock mainly.
He knows LieroXtreme since around 2003, when his brother showed him.

== Favorite Settings ==
Calvi is mainly a [[Liero 1.0|liero 1.0]] player, with 20 lt and rifles, on [[Lamda Bunker]] and [[Liero Factory (Revisited|Liero Factory (Revisited)]]/). He doesn't like 100lt much.

He loves [[MSF II]], on 100 lt, especially with 4 players on Jukke Dome.

== Experience With LieroXtreme ==
=== Different Nicks ===
His first Nickname was Dark Calvin, because his favorite comic is "Calvin&Hobbes"! He has read all of them !
Since 2006/2007, he changed his nick to Calvi !

=== Different Clans ===
His first clan was PuM. He Didn't stay very long because there were no members.
Later, he created a clan with two french peoples and his best friend : [[RaJ]].
At that time, he used to play with [[Ruki]] and [[Raziel]], who came quite often on his server.
Once, [[Ruki]] came in his server with the new clan : [[RIP]]. He joined it, bringing with him few [[RaJ]] players, like [[Raziel]].
A few weeks later, he came back alone in [[RaJ]], in order to play with french peoples, but [[RaJ]] died slowly.
So, later, he created SoS (Soldiers of Satan) and joined nD (nuclear Destroyers), clans that died also.
Later, he came back in [[RIP]], where he still is.

He is in [[AP]] too with Xis since 2006 or 2007. That's not a real clan, but more a kind of deal. Indeed, [[Xis]] and Calvi have the same name : Alexis. So, they decided to put [[AP]] at the end of their nick, which means "[[Alexis Power]]"

[[Category:Players]]

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20110721183230/http://www.openlierox.net/wiki/index.php/Calvi -->
