= Clan Creation =
== Synopsis ==
This little guide is going to show you information so that your clan is not a two week clan. Not everyone stays in a clan very long as it was shown and it still is shown through the community. Hopefully with this guide, you will get some advices on what and what not to do when starting and leading a clan.

== Clan Information ==
Your clan should be powerful, and look good too. Here is a list of things that have helped many clans along the way.

* '''When making a clan, you should share information about your clan in a new post.'''
* '''Add the rules of your clan, what you expect in your players'''
* '''Add contact for people who need to get ahold of you'''
* '''Update your clan thread.'''
* '''Be neat, make it look good.'''
* Add information about your clan, how it started, why, when, etc..
* Show who the leaders are, members, trials, etc...
* Show how many people you are going to let join your clan.
* Tell when recuritment is open or closed.
* Make a clan war list inside your post, showing what you won, and what you lost.
* Post who hosts in your clan, there server names, what they play, etc...
* You might wanna add your clan to the Clan List.

== The Clan ==
Just a list of stuff regarding your clan, and some helpful ideas.

* '''Choose a good name, try not to copy much.'''
* '''Make sure your clan will be active.'''
* '''Pick people you have played with before. People you know in game.'''
* '''Have good attitudes and trust in your clan members/mates. Talk to each other outside of LX.'''
* '''Practice with your members.'''
* '''Teach your clan mebers to respect other players and clans.'''
* '''Be loyal, don't jump to another clan just for fame.'''
* '''Remember to have fun.'''
* '''Be active. Leaders and Players.'''
* Practice as many mods as possible and don't limit yourselfs to one mod.
* Having a set group of members is a good idea.
* Don't ditch a clan because you lost a few cws, or member leaving.
* Participate in CW's to gain more experience.
* Make sure your in control of your clan.
* Don't push your members around, don't flame them cause you lost a match.
* Be comfertable with your clan.
* Make sure you have contact with your members.
* Remember that the players you recruit represent your clan, so don't recruit anyone that could make your clan look bag (eg. by bad behaviour)

== Thank you ==
This is just some ideas, that should be taken into consideration when creating a clan. You do not need to follow any of these rules, clan creation is completely up to the person and should be considered that way. This is just some ideas, and refrences that might help you and your clan.

[[Category:Guides]]

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20110721121624/http://www.openlierox.net/wiki/index.php/Clan_Creation -->
