<table border="1" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="400">
<tr>
<td>
<table border="0" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<th align="center" colspan="2" style="background:#EFAAAA;" width="25">  Notice
</th></tr>
<tr>
<td style="background:#EFAAAA;" width="20">
</td><td align="center"> This article is about a clan that has been tagged dead. Any info is to be considered purely of historical value. Feel free to correct any inaccuracies.
</td></tr></table>
</td></tr></table>

== [EnC] Epic nub Cakes ==
The [TeL] clan was formed and founded by leaders Magus and Azriath on February 24th, 2006. The reason it was created was because Kurashima and Azriath we're looking for a clan to retire on. The name changed to [EnC] because they were receiving complaints about sounding like older clans. So they decided to be a little more original by doing Epic nub Cakes. On the 30th of March 2006 the name was changed to  '''-[ToI]- Tyrants of Imperium'''

== Members ==
=== Leaders ===
* [EnC] Kurashima
* [EnC] Azriath

=== Regular Members ===
* [EnC] Kain
* [EnC] StrikeX
* [EnC] Sinju
* [EnC] >-Faisal-->

== Mods and Settings ==
* Lierov1.0 - 20% and 100%
* Lierov1.11 - 100%
* ModernWarefare1.0 - 20%
* FoodFightv0.6 - 100%
* MSFv1.22 - 100%

== Levels ==
* BookWorm
* Campus
* CastleStrike
* Duel
* FightBox
* FossilFacility
* GammaComplex
* JailBreak
* JukkeDome
* LamdaBunker
* LieroFactory
* LieroFactory(Revisited)
* LierosOfCaribbean
* Section19A
* SpacePortKappa
* Tetris v2

== Rules ==
* No Multi-Clanning
* No Complaining
* No Camping
* No Spamming
* Try to be as Active as possible.

== Clan Wars ==
* [TeL] vs. {Pro} 2-0 Won
* [TeL] vs. [LcD] 0-2 Lost
* [EnC] vs. [LcD] 2-0 Won

== Clan War statistics ==
* Total Clan Wars Played: 3
* Total Clan Wars Won: 2
* Total Clan Wars Lost: 1
* Clan War Winning Percentage: 66.6%
* North American Clan Wars Played: 3
* European Clan Wars Played: 0
* Most Kills in a Clan War: 14 [Kurashima/Azriath]
* Most Lives at the end of a Clan War: 3 [Azriath]

[[Category:Clans]]
[[Category:Retired clans]]

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20110721135547/http://www.openlierox.net/wiki/index.php/Epic_nub_Cakes -->
