<table border="1" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="400">
<tr>
<td>
<table border="0" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<th align="center" colspan="2" style="background:#EFAAAA;" width="25">  Notice
</th></tr>
<tr>
<td style="background:#EFAAAA;" width="20">
</td><td align="center"> This article is about a clan that has been tagged dead. Any info is to be considered purely of historical value. Feel free to correct any inaccuracies.
</td></tr></table>
</td></tr></table>

'''erm''' ('''[erm]''') (February 2004 - July 2004) was one of the first serious LieroX clans ever made. Clan has later merged with [[Heh|heh]] clan and together they formed [[42]] clan.

== History ==
erm was formed in February 2004 by [[Blackninja]]. To increase the activity erm has merged with [[Heh|heh]] clan to form [[42]] in July 2004.

Because of 42 clan's inactivity Tizzle was trying to resurrect erm with Blackninja's permission in July 2005. As the only member he finally gave up in September 2005.

== Members ==
=== Leader ===
* [[Blackninja]]

=== Co-Leader ===
* Eradicate (replaced by C3M when he got inactive)

=== Normal members ===
* C3M (co-leader later)
* Galamoth
* Gemini
* Hydra
* LMX
* [[MasterOfHyrule]]

== Rules ==
* No members are allowed in [erm] without Blackninja's or Eradicatess approval.
* [erm] is never to play any netplay game with less than 70% loading time. Reputation will go down if members are caught.
* No flaming or spamming is allowed in the game or before a game.

== Clan Wars ==
=== Won ===
[erm] vs [BtBs] (1:0) [http://lxalliance.net/wiki/images/e/e3/ERMvsBTBS.jpg Screenshot]

== See also ==
* [[42]]

== External links ==
* [http://www.thegaminguniverse.com/forums/showthread.php?t=12227 erm GU thread]
* [http://www.thegaminguniverse.com/forums/showthread.php?t=23568 erm resurrection GU thread]

[[Category:Clans]]
[[Category:Retired clans]]

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20110721135214/http://www.openlierox.net/wiki/index.php/Erm -->
