Copied from [http://sliekas.org/basara/gusdocs/doku.php/main:modding_docs:weapons here].

====== General: ======
Weapon files should be named .wpn and placed under the ''gusanos/mod/weapons/'' directory.

====== Properties: ======
Weapon properties must be added to the .wpn file before events. These properties may only be used in .wpn files.

===== ammo =====
<pre>
 ammo = <int>
</pre>

Determines how much ammo the weapon holds.

'' '' Default value:** 1

Also use '''use_ammo''' to drain ammo from weapons from now on.

===== laser_sight_alpha =====
<pre>
 laser_sight_alpha = <int> ( from 0 to 255 )
</pre>

Determines the translucency of the lasersight. It only works if '''laser_sight_blender''' is not equal to "none".

'' '' Default value:** 255

===== laser_sight_blender =====
<pre>
 laser_sight_blender = { add, alpha, none }
</pre>

Determines the blender with which the laser sight will be drawn.

'' '' Default value:** none

===== laser_sight_color / laser_sight_colour =====
<pre>
 laser_sight_colour = [ <int> r, <int> g, <int> b ] ( All ranging from 0 to 255 )
</pre>

<pre>
 e.g.
 laser_sight_colour = [ 255, 128, 0] # Makes an orange laser sight
</pre>

Determines the colour ( in RGB format ) with which the laser sight will be drawn.

'' '' Default value:** [ 255, 0, 0 ]

===== laser_sight_intensity =====
<pre>
 laser_sight_intensity = <float> ( from 0 to 1 )
</pre>

Its the intensity of the laser sight of the weapon. 1 is full intensity, 0.5 half, 0 no laser sight.

'' '' Default value:** 0

===== laser_sight_range =====
<pre>
 laser_sight_range = <float>
</pre>

Is the distance in which the lasersight will fade completely from the given laser_sight_intensity to 0 intensity. -1 will make it not fade.

'' '' Default value:** -1

===== name =====
<pre>
 name = <string>
</pre>

The name of the weapon.

'' '' Default value:** ""

===== reload_time =====
<pre>
 reload_time = <int>
</pre>

Determines the time in frames that will take for the weapon to reload.

'' '' Default value:** 0

===== skin =====
<pre>
 skin = <string>
</pre>

The image that will be displayed on top of the worm.

'' '' Default value:** null

===== sync_reload =====
<pre>
 sync_reload = <bool>
</pre>

====== Events: ======
===== active_timer =====
<pre>
 on active_timer( <int> delay, <int> delay_var = 0, <int> max_trigger = 0 , <int> start_delay = 0 )
</pre>

It behaves the same as a normal timer except that it will only count time when the weapon is selected and it gets reset when the player changes to another weapon. '''start_delay''' is how much time it should wait to start counting time, if set to -1 the time will be equal to the delay + variation.

'' '' Example:**

<pre>
 on active_timer( 0, max_trigger = 1 )
 play_sound( sword_chosen.wav )
</pre>

This would play the sound sword_chosen.wav every time the player changes to the sword (this) weapon.

===== primary_shoot =====
<pre>
 on primary_shoot()
</pre>

It will trigger while the gun is shooting.

===== primary_press =====
<pre>
 on primary_press()
</pre>

It will trigger '''once''' when the player presses the fire button.

===== primary_release =====
<pre>
 on primary_release()
</pre>

It will trigger '''once''' when the player releases the fire button.

===== out_of_ammo =====
<pre>
 on out_of_ammo()
</pre>

It will trigger '''once''' when the weapon gets out of ammo.

===== reload_end =====
<pre>
 on reload_end()
</pre>

It will trigger '''once''' when the weapon reloading ends.

===== timer =====
<pre>
 on timer ( <int> delay, <int> delay_var = 0, <int> trigger_times = 0 )
</pre>

The timer will get triggered every '''delay''' frames plus the '''delay_var'''. If the '''trigger_times''' param is bigger than 0 then the timer will only be triggered that amount of times.

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20110721122959/http://www.openlierox.net/wiki/index.php/Gusanos:weapons -->
