OpenLieroX 0.57 beta 5 and above allow people that are behind a [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_address_translation NAT] or [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Firewall Firewall] to host their own server that is accessible by other people from the Internet. No [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_forwarding port forwarding] or any other setup is necessary.

== Enabling the feature ==
This feature is enabled by default, no special actions need to be done.

== Restrictions ==
[[OpenLieroX]] is using the [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UDP_hole_punching hole punching algorithm] to enable connections through a NAT/Firewall.
This algorithm does not work with so-called [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Symmetric_NAT#Types_of_NAT symmetric NAT/Firewall] which is commonly used in big corporations.
Even if you are behind a symmetric NAT and want to host, people might be able to join your server. However, they must have their OpenLieroX port (23400) forwarded.

Because of the nature of the algorithm, ping cannot be determined in the serverlist. Therefore servers behind a NAT/Firewall display with a blue icon in [[OpenLieroX]] server list and a N/A ping.

Current versions of OpenLieroX do not allow viewing advanced server details of a server behind a NAT/Firewall. This is planned for future versions of [[OpenLieroX]].

This feature works only in OpenLieroX beta 5 and newer. Older versions (including [[LieroX]]) ignore servers behind a NAT/Firewall.

== Troubleshooting ==
If your server does not appear in the server list, there are multiple things that could cause this:

* You are missing the udpmasterservers.txt file in OpenLieroX\cfg. Re-download OpenLieroX if that is the case
* Your network administrator blocked [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_Datagram_Protocol UDP protocol]. Not much you can do about this, OpenLieroX requires UDP to work.

== Extensions ==
* OpenLieroX 0.57 beta 8 improved the speed of joining a server behind NAT.
* OpenLieroX 0.58 beta 2 added a possibility to send wants-to-join messages.

[[Category:Guides]]

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20100620113817/http://www.openlierox.net:80/wiki/index.php/Hosting_behind_a_NAT -->
