The '''Liero Xtreme Alliance''' (LXA) houses the official [[Liero Xtreme]] site and are thus the official game forums.

Visit the forum [/forum here].

== The creation ==
The forum was originally created as the Pro Mortar Alliance (PMA) by RuNyoufool and Daevil1 December 26, 2006. The idea was to unite all the mortar players in a forum. However, four days later the forum would change it's name to the Liero Xtreme Alliance welcoming players of all preferences. Pretty soon the forum gained users who were mainly mortar players, but there was an influx of players of the "classical" styles, and in time the forums became a mix of the two groups.

=== The Alliance ===
One of the goals of LXA is to be a safe place for new clans to evolve and communicate with bigger clans to keep up with the development of the world. The main mechanic of achieving this was the implementation of the actual alliance. Clans can apply for a membership in the alliance and the allied clans would vote for or against the joining of that clan. The first two clans were waA and C4.

==== Allied clans ====
This is a list of all clans that are or have been allied.

* '''[waA]''' - We are alone
* '''[C4]''' - [[C4]]
* '''[WaN]''' - [[We are Noobs]]
* '''[LcD]''' - [[Let's Cheat Death]]
* '''(V)''' - [[Men of Valor]]
* '''[AoG]''' - [[Army of Glory]]
* '''[leke]''' - Liero eXtreme Killers Education
* '''{spz}''' - SpAzZ
* '''[OwZ]''' - [[OutlawZ]]
* '''[Osp]''' - [[Oldschool Players]]
* '''|LaG|''' - [[Lame Ass Gaming]]
* '''[Uw]''' - [[United warriors]]

== The forums ==
The LXA houses forums for several purposes ranging from boards for creative development to promote [[Game modification|game modification]] by creation of levels, mods and skins for the game to hosted boards for the development of [[OpenLieroX]], the allied clans and [[RIP]](/wiki/index.php/Rot_In_Pieces/) clan.

== Effect on the community ==
The forums were created in a critical time for the then main forum, GU. The situation there made many members look for alternate forums. Small groups separated from GU and started their own forums. The Lobby (TL) already had its forum up for some time, but the creation of LXA attracted many players, eventually depleting the activity on both Gaming Universe and The Lobby to the point that LXA became the official forums of Liero Xtreme.

== Staff members ==
Below follows a listing of the staff members of LXA in order of registration.

=== Admins ===
:   :   * DarkCharlie
***** Gaston
***** [[User Ruki|Ruki]]

=== Global moderators ===
:   :   * Spectro
***** [[User Purplehaze|Purplehaze]]
***** Swift
***** Hatten

=== Local moderators ===
:   :   * Raziel - Development forums

=== Retired Staff ===
:   :   * [[User RuNyoufool|Runyoufool]] - Founder
***** Wander
***** [[User Asrack|Asrack]]
***** [[User AnubisBlessing|AnubisBlessing]]
***** [[User TmYn|tmYn]]

[[Category:Liero Xtreme Community]]

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20130331042252/http://www.openlierox.net:80/wiki/index.php/Liero_Xtreme_Alliance -->
