<table border="1" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="400">
<tr>
<td>
<table border="0" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<th align="center" colspan="2" style="background:#cef2e0;" width="25">  Notice
</th></tr>
<tr>
<td style="background:#cef2e0;" width="20">
</td><td align="center"> This article is about a player considered active. Any featured information may be outdated due to   any recent events. Feel free to correct any inaccuracies.
</td></tr></table>
</td></tr></table>

== General ==
'''Lodur''' is a Finnish player who has been playing LieroX since september 2006. His LX history you can find here: <http://lxalliance.net/forum/index.php?topic=4467.0>

== Clans ==
* '''[WyD]''' - Whos your Daddy - Made by Lodur and his current Classmates ( Only two others became well known but quit LX later, Fray and LionHeart )
* ''']T$P[''' - The Skilled Players - Made by Larssa and MaTo (later known as Apathy in rO)
* '''|Sfm|''' - Sauna friikki miehet - Made by my good friend Mashkito who is currently in aC
* '''|Finno-12|''' - Finno-12 - Made by Finno-12 Boss who is still leading that same clan. Finno died
* '''[<3]''' - Loved ones - Made by Kg-r ( Namura ) and I joined it immeaditly. It died after Finno was re-made
* '''|Finno-12|''' - Finno-12 - Came back to alive after week or two. Left it soon tho
* '''[VIP]''' - Viking Invisible Pantheons - Made by Odin, inactive, VIP was dying at its best days were over before Me, Aegir, KGr joined. Loke was the leader that time
* '''[aC]''' - [[Annuit Coeptis|annuit Coeptis]] - Made by Kyudo ( Ryo ) , Thor and Legend.
* '''{S}''' - Soldiers of Sunset - Made by Lodur, Luffy and Villetys. Very succesful clan if we watch the clanwars winnint percentage.
* '''[Jsp]''' - Junior school players - Was there only for 6 days. Osp clans farm clan Only Pera managed to get into Osp.
* '''{S}''' - Soldiers of Sunset - New try, didnt work out.
* '''(Uw)''' - [[United Warriors]] - I was trial with Thor. Didnt pass. Neither did Thor.
* '''-mD-''' - mass Destruction - made by Mashkito and Syphon, left after 4days.
* '''[aC]''' - annuit Copetis - Made by Luffy, Legend, Thor, Lodur, druFF ( all original aCs ) i was there for 7months
* '''(V)''' - [[Men of Valor]] - Made by Tizzle, Spectro and Asrack. Old North American clan.
* '''{Q}''' - [[Quality]] - Joined a underdog clan, we kinda brought its level up alot
* '''[aC]''' - [[Annuit Coeptis|annuit Coeptis]] - 3rd edition but only me, mash and thor from old aCs.

== Lodurs closest friends in LX ==
Thor - Amazing friend of mine, we are planning on meeting IRL. He have had my back for all this time
[[Purplehaze]] ( Alex <3 ) - When i tried to make my rep. up Alex was there for me all the time =)
Karma - Awesome guy, loves to hit on my ex girls 8D

~ Written by Lodur himself.

[[Category:Players]]
[[Category:Finland]]

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20110721182837/http://www.openlierox.net/wiki/index.php/Lodur -->
