Copied from [http://sliekas.org/basara/gusdocs/doku.php/main:modding_docs:lua:bitstream here].

====== Class Bitstream ======
<pre>
===== See also: =====
</pre>

[[Lua global#new_bitstream|new_bitstream]]

===== add_bool =====
<pre>
 add_bool()
</pre>

Extracts a boolean value from this bitstream (Returns either true or false).

===== add_int =====
<pre>
 add_int(value[, bits])
</pre>

Adds an integer to this bitstream encoded in //bits// bits.

If bits is left out, 32 bits is assumed.

===== add_string =====
<pre>
 add_string(str)
</pre>

Adds the string //str// to this bitstream.

===== decode_elias_gamma =====
<pre>
 decode_elias_gamma()
</pre>

Extracts an integer above or equal to 1 encoded using the elias gamma universal encoding.

===== dump =====
<pre>
 dump(value)
</pre>

Adds a lua object to the bitstream.

WARNING: This function is not very space efficient and can only encode tables
, strings, numbers, booleans and nil (or tables with keys and values of those types)

===== encode_elias_gamma =====
<pre>
 encode_elias_gamma(value)
</pre>

Adds an integer above or equal to 1 encoded using the elias gamma universal encoding.

===== get_bool =====
<pre>
 get_bool()
</pre>

Extracts a boolean value from this bitstream (Returns either true or false).

===== get_int =====
<pre>
 get_int([bits])
</pre>

Extracts an integer from this bitstream encoded in //bits// bits.

If bits is left out, 32 bits is assumed.

===== get_string =====
<pre>
 get_string()
</pre>

Extracts a string from this bitstream.

===== undump =====
<pre>
 undump()
</pre>

Extracts a lua object added to the bitstream using the //dump// method.

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20100618084947/http://www.openlierox.net:80/wiki/index.php/Lua:bitstream -->
