Copied from [http://sliekas.org/basara/gusdocs/doku.php/main:modding_docs:lua:player here].

====== Class Player ======
===== See also: =====
[[Lua global#bindings.wormrender|bindings.wormRender]], [[Lua global#bindings.viewportrender|bindings.viewportRender]], [[Lua global#bindings.playerupdate|bindings.playerUpdate]], [[Lua global#bindings.playerinit|bindings.playerInit]], [[Lua global#bindings.playerremoved|bindings.playerRemoved]], [[Lua networkplayerevent#send|NetworkPlayerEvent:send]], [[Lua global#network_player_event|network_player_event]], [[Lua object#player|Object:player]], [[Lua global#console_register_control|console_register_control]], [[Lua global#game_players|game_players]], [[Lua global#game_local_player|game_local_player]]

===== data =====
<pre>
 data()
</pre>

Returns a lua table associated with this player.

===== deaths =====
<pre>
 deaths()
</pre>

Returns the number of [[#deaths]] a player has suffered.

===== is_local =====
<pre>
 is_local()
</pre>

Returns true if this player is a local player, otherwise false.

===== kills =====
<pre>
 kills()
</pre>

Returns the number of [[#kills]] a player has made.

===== name =====
<pre>
 name()
</pre>

Returns the [[#name]] of the player.

===== say =====
<pre>
 say(text)
</pre>

Makes the player send 'text' as a chat message.

===== select_weapons =====
<pre>
 select_weapons(weapons)
</pre>

Tries to change the player's weapons to the [[Lua weapontype|WeaponType]] objects
in the array //weapons//.

===== stats =====
<pre>
 stats()
</pre>

Returns a lua table associated with the [[#stats]] of this player.

===== team =====
<pre>
 team()
</pre>

Returns the [[#team]] number of the player.

===== worm =====
<pre>
 worm()
</pre>

Returns the [[#worm]] of the player.

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20100618083928/http://www.openlierox.net:80/wiki/index.php/Lua:player -->
