Copied from [http://sliekas.org/basara/gusdocs/doku.php/main:modding_docs:lua:object here].

====== Class Object ======
<pre>
===== angle =====
</pre>

<pre>
 angle()
</pre>

(Known as get_angle before 0.9c)
Returns the current [[#angle]] of the object.

===== closest_worm =====
<pre>
 closest_worm()
</pre>

(Known as get_closest_worm before 0.9c)

Returns the closest worm that fulfills these requirements:

<pre>
* It is not the owner of the object.
* It is visible and active.
* The straight path to it from the object is not, for particles, blocked.
</pre>

===== damage =====
(available from version 0.9c)

<pre>
 damage(amount[, player])
</pre>

Causes [[#damage]] to the object. //player// is the [[#player]] inflicting the damage.
If //player// isn't specified or nil, the [[#damage]] is anonymous.

===== data =====
<pre>
 data()
</pre>

Returns a table associated with this object that can
be used by Lua scripts to store values.

===== player =====
<pre>
 player()
</pre>

(Known as get_player before 0.9c)

Returns a [[Lua player|Player]] object of the [[#player]] that owns this object.

===== pos =====
<pre>
 pos()
</pre>

Returns the position of this object as a tuple.
i.e.:
<code>local x, y = object:pos()</code>

===== push =====
<pre>
 push(x, y)
</pre>

Accelerates the object in the direction (x, y)
e.g.:
<code>object:push(0, 10) -- Accelerates the object downwards</code>

===== remove =====
<pre>
 remove()
</pre>

Removes the object in the next frame.

===== set_pos =====
<pre>
 set_pos(x, y)
</pre>

Moves the object to the location (x, y)
e.g.:
<code>object:set_spd(0, 0) -- Moves the object to the upper-left corner</code>

===== set_spd =====
(available from version 0.9c)

<pre>
 set_spd(x, y)
</pre>

Changes the speed of this object to (x, y)
e.g.:
<code>object:set_spd(10, 0) -- Makes the object move to the right</code>

===== shoot =====
<pre>
 shoot(type, amount, speed, speedVariation, motionInheritance, amountVariation, distribution, angleOffset, distanceOffset)
</pre>

Shoots an object of ParticleType 'type'. All parameters except 'type' are optional.

===== spd =====
<pre>
 spd()
</pre>

Returns the speed of this object as a tuple.
e.g.:
<code>local vx, vy = object:spd()</code>

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20100618091104/http://www.openlierox.net:80/wiki/index.php/Lua:object -->
