Copied from [http://sliekas.org/basara/gusdocs/doku.php/main:modding_docs:lua:global here].

== Global functions ==
===== abs =====
<pre>
 abs(n)
</pre>

Returns the absolute value of n.

===== angle_clamp =====
<pre>
 angle_clamp(angle)
</pre>

Returns //angle// normalized to [0, 360).

===== angle_diff =====
<pre>
 angle_diff(a, b)
</pre>

Returns the relative angle in (-180, 180) between
angle //a// and //b// such that (a + angle_diff(a, b)) = b (mod 360)

===== angle_vector =====
<pre>
 angle_vector(angle[, length = 1])
</pre>

Returns a tuple representing the angle
with length //length//.

===== bindings.afterRender =====
<pre>
 bindings.afterRender()
</pre>

This is called after a rendering cycle is complete

===== bindings.afterUpdate =====
<pre>
 bindings.afterUpdate()
</pre>

This is called after every logic cycle is complete.

===== bindings.gameEnded =====
(available from version 0.9c)

<pre>
 bindings.gameEnded(reason)
</pre>

This is called when the game ended and no new game is pending.

//reason// can be one of the following:
EndReason.ServerQuit : the server disconnected.
EndReason.Kicked : you were kicked from the server.
EndReason.IncompatibleProtocol : you are running a protocol incompatible with the server's.
EndReason.IncompatibleData : your data does not match the server's.

===== bindings.gameNetworkInit =====
(available from version 0.9c)

<pre>
 bindings.gameNetworkInit(connID)
</pre>

This is called when a new client joins the game. //connID// is the connection ID of the new client.

The connection ID can be passed to the send() method of a [[Lua networkgameevent|NetworkGameEvent]] to send events only
to the new client.

===== bindings.playerInit =====
<pre>
 bindings.playerInit(player)
</pre>

This is called when a new player is added to the game. //player// is the [[Lua player|Player]] object that was added.

===== bindings.playerNetworkInit =====
<pre>
 bindings.playerNetworkInit(player, connID)
</pre>

This is called when a player is replicated to a new client. //player// is the player replicated.
//connID// is the connection ID of the new client.

The connection ID can be passed to the send() method of a [[Lua networkplayerevent|NetworkPlayerEvent]] to send events only
to the player on the new client.

===== bindings.playerRemoved =====
(available from version 0.9c)

<pre>
 bindings.playerRemoved(player)
</pre>

This is called when a player is removed from the game. //player// is the [[Lua player|Player]] object that will be removed.

===== bindings.playerUpdate =====
<pre>
 bindings.playerUpdate(player)
</pre>

This is called in every logic cycle for every player. //player// is the relevant [[Lua player|Player]] object.

===== bindings.viewportRender =====
<pre>
 bindings.viewportRender(viewport, worm)
</pre>

This is called for every viewport when it's time to render the viewport HUD.

//viewport// is the [[Lua viewport|Viewport]] object it should be rendered to and //worm// is the
[[Lua worm|Worm]] object of the [[Lua player|Player]] object that owns //viewport//.

===== bindings.wormDeath =====
<pre>
 bindings.wormDeath(worm)
</pre>

This is called when a worm dies. //worm// is the [[Lua worm|Worm]] object that died.

===== bindings.wormRemoved =====
<pre>
 bindings.wormRemoved(worm)
</pre>

This is called when a worm is removed from the game. //worm// is the [[Lua worm|Worm]] object that will be removed.

===== bindings.wormRender =====
<pre>
 bindings.wormRender(x, y, worm, viewport, ownerPlayer)
</pre>

This is called for every worm and viewport combination when it's time to render
the worm HUD.

(x, y) is the position of the worm in viewport coordinates.

//worm// is the [[Lua worm|Worm]] object for which HUD should be rendered and //viewport// is
the [[Lua viewport|Viewport]] object it should be rendered to. Use the bitmap() method of [[Lua viewport|Viewport]]
to retrieve the relevant bitmap to draw on.

//ownerPlayer// is the [[Lua player|Player]] object that owns //viewport//.

===== color =====
(available from version 0.9c)

<pre>
 color(r, g, b)
</pre>

Returns a [[#color]]

===== connect =====
<pre>
 connect(address)
</pre>

Connects to the address passed.

===== console_register_command =====
<pre>
 console_register_command(name, function)
</pre>

Registers the function //function// as a command in the Gusanos console.
When it is called, it will be passed each console parameter as a seperate parameter to the function.
The command will be removed automatically when a new [[#map]] is loaded.

===== console_register_control =====
(available from version 0.9c)

<pre>
 console_register_control(name, function)
</pre>

Registers a number of console commands that work like player controls.

//function// is a function that is called when the control is activated or
deactivated. It is of the form:

<pre>
 function(player, state)
 end
</pre>

Where //player// is the [[Lua player|Player]] object the control applies to, and //state// is either true
or false depending on if the control is activated or deactivated.

The control can be bound to keys like built-in controls such as FIRE and JUMP
by binding to the command +P//x//_//name// where //x// is the local player number
and //name// is the name passed to this function.

===== fetch_server_list =====
<pre>
 fetch_server_list(handler)
</pre>

Fetches the server list from the master server and calls
//handler// with one parameter containing an array of
the servers.

===== floor =====
<pre>
 floor(n)
</pre>

Returns the number n rounded down towards infinity.

===== font_load =====
<pre>
 font_load(name)
</pre>

Loads and returns a [[Lua font|Font]] object of the font with the passed name.

If the font couldn't be loaded, nil is returned.

===== game_local_player =====
<pre>
 game_local_player(i)
</pre>

Returns a [[Lua player|Player]] object of the local player with index i.
If the index is invalid, nil is returned.

===== game_players =====
<pre>
 game_players()
</pre>

Returns an iterator object that returns a [[Lua player|Player]] object
for every player in the game.

Intended to be use together
with a for loop, like this:

<pre>
 for p in game_players() do
   -- Do something with p here
 end
</pre>

===== gfx_draw_box =====
<pre>
 gfx_draw_box(bitmap, x1, y1, x2, y2, r, g, b)
</pre>

//This function is deprecated in 0.9c and later. Use the draw_box method of [[Lua bitmap|Bitmap]] instead//.

===== gfx_reset_blending =====
<pre>
 gfx_reset_blending()
</pre>

Deactivates any blender that was active.
Everything drawn after this is called will be drawn solid.

===== gfx_set_add =====
<pre>
 gfx_set_add(alpha)
</pre>

Activates the add blender.
//alpha// is a value in [0, 255] that specifies the scaling factor
of things drawn after this is called.

===== gfx_set_alpha =====
<pre>
 gfx_set_alpha(alpha)
</pre>

Activates the alpha blender.
//alpha// is a value in [0, 255] that specifies the opacity
of things drawn after this is called.

===== gfx_set_alphach =====
(available from version 0.9c)

<pre>
 gfx_set_alphach(alpha)
</pre>

Activates the alphach blender.
//alpha// is a value in [0, 255] that specifies the opacity
of things drawn after this is called.

===== host =====
<pre>
 host(map)
</pre>

Hosts a networked game with the current mod and [[#map]] //map//.

===== load_particle =====
<pre>
 load_particle(name)
</pre>

Loads a particle type with the name //name// and returns it as a
ParticleType object.

===== map =====
<pre>
 map(map)
</pre>

Loads the [[#map]] //map// with the current mod.

===== map_is_blocked =====
<pre>
 map_is_blocked(x1, y1, x2, y2)
</pre>

Returns true if the line between (x1, y1) and (x2, y2) on the [[#map]] is blocked for particles.
Otherwise false.

===== map_is_loaded =====
<pre>
 map_is_loaded()
</pre>

Returns true if a [[#map]] is loaded, otherwise false.

===== map_is_particle_pass =====
<pre>
 map_is_particle_pass(x1, y1)
</pre>

Returns true if the point (x1, y1) on the [[#map]] is passable by particles.

===== maps =====
<pre>
 maps()
</pre>

Returns an iterator that iterates through all maps.

===== network_game_event =====
<pre>
 network_game_event(name, handler)
</pre>

Creates and returns a [[Lua networkgameevent|NetworkGameEvent]] object.
//name// is any string that is unique to this NetworkGameEvent.
//handler// is a function that is called when this event is recieved on this client/server.
It has the the form:

<pre>
 function(event, data)
</pre>

Where //event// is the [[Lua networkgameevent|NetworkGameEvent]] returned by //network_game_event// and //data//
is a bitstream with data sent with the event.

===== network_particle_event =====
<pre>
 network_particle_event(name, handler)
</pre>

Creates and returns a [[Lua networkparticleevent|NetworkParticleEvent]] object.
//name// is any string that is unique to this NetworkParticleEvent.
//handler// is a function that is called when this event is recieved on this client/server.
It has the the form:

<pre>
 function(event, particle, data)
</pre>

Where //event// is the [[Lua networkparticleevent|NetworkParticleEvent]] returned by //network_particle_event//, //particle//
is the [[Lua particle|Particle]] object the event was sent on, and //data// is a bitstream with data sent
with the event.

===== network_player_event =====
<pre>
 network_player_event(name, handler)
</pre>

Creates and returns a [[Lua networkplayerevent|NetworkPlayerEvent]] object.
//name// is any string that is unique to this NetworkPlayerEvent.
//handler// is a function that is called when this event is recieved on this client/server.
It has the the form:

<pre>
 function(event, player, data)
</pre>

Where //event// is the [[Lua networkplayerevent|NetworkPlayerEvent]] returned by //network_player_event//, //player//
is the [[Lua player|Player]] object the event was sent on, and //data// is a bitstream with data sent
with the event.

===== network_worm_event =====
<pre>
 network_worm_event(name, handler)
</pre>

Creates and returns a [[Lua networkwormevent|NetworkWormEvent]] object.
//name// is any string that is unique to this NetworkWormEvent.
//handler// is a function that is called when this event is recieved on this client/server.
It has the the form:
<code>function(event, worm, data)</code>
Where //event// is the [[Lua networkwormevent|NetworkWormEvent]] returned by //network_worm_event//, //worm//
is the [[Lua worm|Worm]] object the event was sent on, and //data// is a bitstream with data sent
with the event.

===== new_bitstream =====
<pre>
 new_bitstream()
</pre>

Returns a new [[Lua bitstream|Bitstream]] object.

===== randomfloat =====
<pre>
 randomfloat(l, u)
</pre>

Returns a random floating point number in the interval [l, u].

===== randomint =====
<pre>
 randomint(l, u)
</pre>

Returns a random integer in the interval [l, u].

===== sounds =====
(available from version 0.9c)

<pre>
 sounds
</pre>

This table returns [[Lua sound|Sound]] objects when indexed with a valid sound name, and
nil otherwise.

Example:
`local mySound = sounds["bazooka.wav"]
mySound:play(10, 10)`

===== sprites_load =====
<pre>
 sprites_load(name)
</pre>

Loads and returns a [[Lua spriteset|SpriteSet]] object of the sprite set with the passed name.

If the sprite set couldn't be loaded, nil is returned.

===== sqrt =====
<pre>
 sqrt(n)
</pre>

Returns the squareroot of n.

===== to_time_string =====
<pre>
 to_time_string(v)
</pre>

Converts a frame count //v// to a string showing hours, minutes and seconds as HH:MM:SS.

===== vector_add =====
<pre>
 vector_add(x1, y1, x2, y2)
</pre>

Returns a tuple equal to (x1 + x2, y1 + y2)

===== vector_diff =====
<pre>
 vector_diff(x1, y1, x2, y2)
</pre>

Returns a tuple equal to (x2 - x1, y2 - y1)

===== vector_direction =====
<pre>
 vector_direction(x1, y1, x2, y2)
</pre>

Returns the angle between (x1, y1) and (x2, y2)
in degrees.

===== vector_distance =====
<pre>
 vector_distance(x1, y1, x2, y2)
</pre>

Returns the distance from (x1, y1) to (x2, y2)

===== weapon_count =====
<pre>
 weapon_count()
</pre>

Returns the total number of weapons.

===== weapon_random =====
<pre>
 weapon_random()
</pre>

Returns a random [[Lua weapontype|WeaponType]] object.

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20100618080807/http://www.openlierox.net:80/wiki/index.php/Lua:global -->
