<table border="1" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="400">
<tr>
<td>
<table border="0" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<th align="center" colspan="2" style="background:#ABCDEF;" width="25">  Notice
</th></tr>
<tr>
<td style="background:#ABCDEF;" width="20">
</td><td align="center"> This article is about a player that has been tagged as retired. Any featured information is to be considered purely of historical value. Feel free to correct any inaccuracies.
</td></tr></table>
</td></tr></table>

'''Magus''' (active in August 2004 - September 2007) was a member of the LieroX community. He lives in Canada and is a friend of Azriath, Asrack, and Sirus.

Magus was a [[Rifles|rifles]] and [[Limited|limited]] player who started his career in Asrack's [[Angels of Death]] clan. He made a few levels. Magus was wildly known in many clans and became a ruthless killing machine in clan wars. He racked up his clanwar record in the [LcD] clan embarassing other clans on Lamda Bunker with Asrack or just straight pwning with Cloud. He was also known for relentless flames towards players with stupid LieroX logic.

== List of files ==
=== Levels ===
* Storage Depot
* [[AOD Hideout]]
* [http://www.thegaminguniverse.com/forums/showthread.php?t=26642&highlight=Helix+bunker [Helix Bunker]]
* [[AMA Dome]]
* [http://www.thegaminguniverse.com/forums/showthread.php?t=26435 [Abandoned Facility]]
* AOD Bunker - Long Gone

== Clans ==
* {AOD} - [[Angels of Death]]
* |pN| - [http://www.thegaminguniverse.com/forums/showthread.php?t=25343 [Pwning N00bs]]
* [eS] - [http://www.thegaminguniverse.com/forums/showthread.php?t=27500 [eternal Souls]]
* [TeL] - [http://www.thegaminguniverse.com/forums/showthread.php?t=28238 [The extreme Legends]]
* [EnC] - [http://www.thegaminguniverse.com/forums/showthread.php?t=28238 [Epic nub Cakes]]
* [T2D] - [http://www.thegaminguniverse.com/forums/showthread.php?t=28318 [Time To Die]]
* [LcD] - [[Let's Cheat Death]]
* (V) - [[Men of Valor]]
* [aD] - [http://lxalliance.net/forum/index.php?topic=4514.0 [absolute Death]]

== AMA ==
AMA was a production team created by [[User Asrack|Asrack]]. It stood for Asrack, Magus, and Azriath. They created 3 levels, 1 frontend, and 1 skin. Asrack was a programmer and web designer, with Magus and Azriath making graphics. Making 2 websites, and 1 LX game that was never released which was an edited source code that fixed the size of skins, and some other slight things.

Magus created 3 levels in this time, AMA Dome being a duel level which was the AMA starting level. As with the AMA frontend, helped by Spectro. Got huge hits.

[[Category:Players]]
[[Category:Retired players]]
[[Category:Canada]]

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20140803233537/http://www.openlierox.net:80/wiki/index.php/Magus -->
