<table border="1" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="400">
<tr>
<td>
<table border="0" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<th align="center" colspan="2" style="background:#EFAAAA;" width="25">  Notice
</th></tr>
<tr>
<td style="background:#EFAAAA;" width="20">
</td><td align="center"> This article is about a clan that has been tagged dead. Any info is to be considered purely of historical value. Feel free to correct any inaccuracies.
</td></tr></table>
</td></tr></table>

== (V) - Men of Valor ==
=== History ===
After Asrack and Spectro left [[Let's Cheat Death]] - [LcD], Asrack went back to his old clan [[Angels of Death]] - {AOD}, and Spectro went solo for awhile. Asrack kept asking Spectro to join {AOD}, but he didn't like the tag. So Asrack suggested they changed the tag, and just start over. Spectro agreed. After 2 hours of planning they merged with [GC] and invited Tizzle to be co-leader as well and after another 6 hours of planning (V) - Men of Valor was formed.

Men of Valor was liked for it's funny attitude but strong gaming, the clan was around for 2 years before it was finally laid to rest by the last remaining leader Spectro. It was given a good bye in 2 pages and was closed and archived on LieroX alliance.

== Member List ==
All currently active members are found here, retired members will be placed on there own.

=== Leaders ===
* [[Spectro]] - Founder
* Tizzle - Founder
* [[User|Asrack]] - Founder
* [[Cloud]] - Part time leader.
* [[Purplehaze]] - Part time leader.

=== Retired Members ===
* [[Spectro]] - Founder
* Tizzle - Founder
* [[User|Asrack]] - Founder
* [[Cloud]] - Part time leader.
* [[Purplehaze]] - Part time leader.
* Magus
* Sendrid
* Faisal
* Gigolo
* SoUa
* Indignation
* SilverBlaze
* Killatron
* Exigo
* Vidar
* Desmond
* Leon
* Lodur
* Muhis
* Pure
* Void
* Vastilary

== Clan Wars ==
* Wins: 136
* Losses: 23
* Draws: 2
* Total: 160
* Percent Won: 85.0%
* Longest Winning Streak: 24
* Current Winning Streak: 15

=== Wins ===
* (V) vs. [Uw] 2:0
* (V) vs. [T3] 2:0
* (V) vs. [OwZ] 2:0
* (V) vs. [AoG] 2:1
* (V) vs. [Cop] 2:1

=== Loss ===
* (V) vs [T3] 0:2
* (V) vs [AoG] 1:2

=== Draw ===
* (V) vs [e3] 1:1
* (V) vs [T3] 1:1

[[Category:Clans]]
[[Category:Retired clans]]

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20100914071942/http://www.openlierox.net:80/wiki/index.php/Men_of_Valor -->
