<table border="1" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="400">
<tr>
<td>
<table border="0" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<th align="center" colspan="2" style="background:#EFAAAA;" width="25">  Notice
</th></tr>
<tr>
<td style="background:#EFAAAA;" width="20">
</td><td align="center"> This article is about a clan that has been tagged dead. Any info is to be considered purely of historical value. Feel free to correct any inaccuracies.
</td></tr></table>
</td></tr></table>

'''[nG] new Generation''' was a LX clan mostly known for it's unstable history. [nG] had 3 resurrections before it finally died.

= History =
== First [nG] ==
[new Generation], was originally founded by 3 Liero Xtreme players, Chase, Turma and Pera on 16.06.2005. Clan lasted until 17.07.2005 when all 3 players decided to leave it behind.

== Second [nG] ==
Timed passed and finally, those 3 guys once again decided to let [nG] reborn. On 20. October one of the leaders, Pera decided to quit Liero Xtreme and gave his leadership on to player called freedom“ (ingame nick). After that the clan stood strong until 2nd of January 2006, when remaining leaders Turma and Chase left.

== Third [nG] ==
In fact the clan didn't die on 2nd of January 2006, but since all original founders had left, then the following [nG] was basically a new clan. Beast took the leadership. Everything went well until on the 5th of March 2006 the clan was closed for no appearant reason. This is considered to be the most successful of all nG's. During it's existence [nG] and it's junior squad [nG-2] dominated LX cw scene.

== Fourth [nG] ==
Beast returned to LX after a short break and decided to revive [nG]. The clan wasn't a big success though - only one trial member joined and the clan fell about 2 weeks later.

= Members =
== First & second [nG] ==
=== Members ===
* [nG] Chase ( Leader )
* [nG] freedom" ( Senior Member )
* [nG] Turma ( Senior Member )
* [nG] Fierce ( Member )
* [nG] JasonX ( Member )
* [nG] Luzo ( Member )

=== Prematurely retired members ===
* [nG] Pera
* [nG] RaffaeL
* [nG] iDum

== Third [nG] ==
=== Members ===
* [nG] Beast (Leader)
* [nG] Fierce (Co-leader)
* [nG] Luzo (Co-leader)
* [nG] iDum (Member)
* [nG] Flare (Member)

=== B-team [nG-2] ===
* [nG-2] -Caldeth-
* [nG-2] Coffin'
* [nG-2] Pera
* [nG-2] Cl!ff
* [nG-2] Da Blue

=== Trials ===
* (nG) CerberuS

=== Prematurely retired members ===
* [nG] Chase
* [nG] Turma
* [nG] RaffaeL
* [nG-2] Worminator

== Fourth [nG] ==
=== Members ===
* [nG] Beast (Leader)
* (nG) Da Blue (Trial)

= Rules =
* Do not, whine or camp on cw's.
* Do not double clan.
* Show respect to your clanmates.
* Have msn.

== B-squad rules ==
* B-Squad players AREN'T allowed to arrange/play official clanwars

unless asked to.

* B-Squad will have its own UNOFFICIAL clawars, which won't affect

the actual Win/Loss counter of the [new Generation] clan. (B-Squad will have
their own counter).

* B-Squad players use [nG-2] tags.

= Clan Wars =
== First and second [nG]'s ==
* [nG] vs. [Osp] 1:2 (Liero v1.0 20%, FoodFight v0.6 100%, Liero v1.0 100%)
* [nG] vs. [dS] 2:0 (Liero v.1.0 100%)
* [nG] vs. [MiB] 1:0 (Liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. BS> 2:0 (Modern Warfare 1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [RaS] 2:1 (Liero v1.0 20%,100%)
* [nG] vs. [FK] 2:0 (Liero v1.0 20%, Modern Warfare v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [LaS] 1:0 (Liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. -]RoC[- 2:0 (liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [T3] 1:0 (Liero v1.0 20lt)
* [nG] vs. [H$K] 2:0 (Liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [TsL] 0:2 (Liero v1.0 100%)
* [nG] vs. [Osp] 2:0 (Liero v1.0 100%,20%)
* [nG] vs. [7th] 0:2 (Liero v1.0 100%,20%)
* [nG] vs. [mC] 2:0 (Liero v1.0 20%,100%)
* [nG] vs. [Osp] 2:0 (Liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [FoH] 2:1 (Liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [OH] 2:0 (Liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [LoL] 2:0 (Modern Warfare v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [OH] 2:0 (Liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [T3] 2:0 (Liero v1.0 100%)
* [nG] vs. [7th] 2:0 (Liero v1.0 20% and 100%)
* [nG] vs. [WaN] 2:1 (Liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [FoH] 2:0 (Liero v1.0 100%)
* [nG] vs. [FoH] 2:0 (Liero v1.0 100%)
* [nG] vs. [HW] 1:0 (Liero v.1.1 100%)
* [nG] vs. [MiM] 2:1 (Liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [T3] 1:2 (Liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [FatB] 2:1 (Liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [T3] 2:1 (Liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [dnK] 2:0 (Liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [HW] 2:1 (Liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [Tu] 1:2 (Liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [BtW] 2:0 (Liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [dnK] 2:0 (Liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. /IrW/ 2:0 (Liero v1.0 20%)
* [nG] vs. [F.$] 2:0 (Liero v1.0 20%)

== Third [nG] ==
* [nG] vs. [saint] 2:0
* [nG] vs. [saint] 3:0
* [nG] vs. [TaZ] 5:0
* [nG] vs. [tw] 2:0
* [nG] vs. [East f] 2:0
* [nG] vs. [VIP] 2:0
* [nG] vs. [AiM] 2:0
* [nG] vs. [East f] 2:0
* [nG] vs. [Fv] 2:0
* [nG] vs. [VIP] 2:0
* [nG] vs. [RoP] 2:0
* [nG] vs. [VIP] 2:0
* [nG] vs. [East f] 2:0

== Fourth [nG] ==
* [nG] vs [Osp] 2:1

== Clanwar statistic ==
* Played cws: 50
* Won cws: 45
* Lost cws: 5
* Winning percentage: 90%

[[Category:Clans]]
[[Category:Retired clans]]

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20170324200541/http://www.openlierox.net/wiki/index.php/New_Generation -->
