<table border="1" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="400">
<tr>
<td>
<table border="0" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<th align="center" colspan="2" style="background:#EFAAAA;" width="25">  Notice
</th></tr>
<tr>
<td style="background:#EFAAAA;" width="20">
</td><td align="center"> This article is about a clan that has been tagged dead. Any info is to be considered purely of historical value. Feel free to correct any inaccuracies.
</td></tr></table>
</td></tr></table>

'''[PK] Player-Killers''' was a LX clan which existed in September 2004.

== Members ==
* - Purp Snail -
* Eriis
* Johnny
* Barachetta
* Psycho
* EvilPhil
* Kishiro Pro
* Slurp

== Additional information ==
Members were picked on this team for specific traits, that give us a combined advantage. It proved to be working very well.
Slurp is our combo person (although non-combos well too) , to come in and wipe up everyone in the area with an insane burst of firepower
Johnny is good at staying alive a long time, and steadily gaining kills.
I am definitely the acrobat of the group, when I want to move, I'm gone, and usually someone is splattered all over the place too.
Kish is very accurate, and can use rifle, and such weapons effectivley. Best at moving in, and efficiently taking enemies out, without hurting nearby teammates. I don't think I've ever seen kish make a TK.
Eriis lets the people come to him. A master at small space combat, he lures noobs in and eats them, and he's my mod helper too.
That was the idea I had when signing each of you on, in a nutshell. Im not out to find the perfect player like most "Uber we kicks yer arse n' fjsg WAH" clans (we all know what I mean). Im out to make the perfect team. Note- thats for the active people. Eriss is inactive, but his comp was taken, so he can't help it.

== Settings ==
* Liero 1.10/1.11
* Shock 1.40
* Warhammer 40K 0.8
* Jail Break
* Section 19A
* Garrisons
* Jukkedome
* Liero Factory
* Gamma complex

== Rules ==
* No cursing
* No combo

[[Category:Clans]]
[[Category:Retired clans]]

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20110721164422/http://www.openlierox.net/wiki/index.php/Player-Killers -->
