'''Porting OpenLieroX to another system''' means to add support in the [[OpenLieroX]] [[OpenLieroX source code|source code]] so that it works on some other system. This can be a [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mobile_phone mobile phone] (or [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smartphone Smartphone]), a [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gaming_console gaming console] or also another [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operating_system operating system] (right now, [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows Windows], [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux Linux], [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MacOSX MacOSX], [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FreeBSD FreeBSD] as well as any [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/POSIX POSIX]-compatible system are supported).

= Information for specific ports =
* [http://lxalliance.net/forum/index.php/topic,11522.0.html OLX on PS2]
* [http://lxalliance.net/forum/index.php/topic,11505.0.html OLX on Wii]
* [http://lxalliance.net/forum/index.php/topic,10802.0.html OLX on Nokia N800/N810] (working version reported)
* [http://lxalliance.net/forum/index.php/topic,11167.0.html OLX on Motorola Z6]
* [http://lxalliance.net/forum/index.php/topic,10917.0.html OLX on LG enV2]
* [http://lxalliance.net/forum/index.php/topic,10760.0.html OLX on Xbox] (very unprobable to come)
* [http://lxalliance.net/forum/index.php/topic,10313.0.html OLX on PSP]

In case you want to start a new port, please add it to this list and post some information in the [[LXA|forum]] or here in the Wiki.

= Basic requirements =
== C++ ==
The most important requirement is that you can compile [[C++]] code for that system.

== SDL ==
[http://www.libsdl.org/ SDL] is currently used for:

* the input system (keyboard, mouse, gamepads)
* creating the window / screen drawing area
* handling system events (closing the game, etc.)
* drawing on the screen/window

SDL is ported to a lot of systems already. Search on Google for an SDL port for your favourite system (because not all are noted on the official homepage). In many cases, having this will make the porting a lot easier. It also means that the system probably has all the requirements in principle to support OLX.

In case there is no SDL port for the system, you might also port SDL yourself. The SDL code is very portable and you will probably get help from many other people who are interested in it.

Getting rid of the SDL dependency in OLX would be a lot of work (maybe even more work than just porting SDL yourself). Though, it is not impossible and it has been made already much easier than it was earlier. The heaviest part is the graphics code and image manipulations. Though, this is also the part which is most likely replaced by [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenGL OpenGL] code at some time.

== OpenAL ==
Since OLX 0.59, we are using [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenAL OpenAL] for the audio code. (Earlier we used SDL for this. SDL is much more low level though and doesn't have 3D sound support.)

OpenLieroX should work with any OpenAL implementation. There is the [http://kcat.strangesoft.net/openal.html OpenAL Soft] implementation which should work pretty much on every system (or which should be easy to port).

== Boost ==
OpenLieroX uses some parts of [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boost_C%2B%2B_Libraries Boost]. Right now, that are:

* Boost signals
* Boost process
* Boost shared_ptr

== Some other libraries ==
Like [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zlib zlib], [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libxml2 xml2] and others. I won't list them all here. But most of them are very basic and also pretty much cross platform themself. So even if your system doesn't provide this, the libraries are all [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_source Open Source] and will most likely be compileable on your system (if the rest of OLX compiles).

Take a look at the file ''DEPS'' in your OpenLieroX archive. That file contains a full list of all dependencies.

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20120425164359/http://www.openlierox.net:80/wiki/index.php/Port_OpenLieroX_to_another_system -->
