<table border="1" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="400">
<tr>
<td>
<table border="0" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<th align="center" colspan="2" style="background:#EFAAAA;" width="25">  Notice
</th></tr>
<tr>
<td style="background:#EFAAAA;" width="20">
</td><td align="center"> This article is about a clan that has been tagged dead. Any info is to be considered purely of historical value. Feel free to correct any inaccuracies.
</td></tr></table>
</td></tr></table>

'''Sausage Fighters''' ('''[H.K]''') (January 2004 - July 2005) was a Finnish and 100 % loading time playing clan. Several members of H.K clan are well known for their contribution of various popular Skins.

== History ==
Clan was made by [[Jukke]] in the beginning of 2004. He was recruiting only players from Finland to keep the clan more active. In beginning of Fall 2004 Sausage Fighters got a bit inactive but never completelly stopped playing or died. You could still notice a 'Sausage Fighter' in game.

In March 2005 [[Jukke]] decided to make Sausage Fighters active again. He made a contact with other members and together they would play more. Clan was active again until it finally died in July 2005.

== Tag and name ==
H.K and Sausage Fighters came from "Helsingin Kauppiaat", a food company in Finland that makes sausages.

== Controversy ==
Sausage Fighters were strictly Finnish clan which meant only Finnish players could join the clan. Such a rule was set in order to avoid time zone differences and increase the communication between the members. Clan was also against comboing and lower loading times.

== Members ==
=== Leader ===
* [[Jukke]]

=== Normal members ===
* Grande
* Kama
* Koin
* Mr.Duck
* Nappi
* [[Pupsi]]
* Sharun
* Tuplanolla
* Warheart
* WarWorm

== Rules ==
* [H.K] is primarily a non-combo clan.
* All the camping and roof clinging crap should be left somewhere else.
* No flaming wanted in [H.K].
* Members should register themselves and be active at least in H.K forums but preferably at GU too.

== Clan Wars ==
=== Won ===
* [H.K] vs (BtBs) (2:0)
* [H.K] vs [BS] (2:0)

=== Lost ===
* [H.K] vs [TK] (0:2)
* [H.K] vs (BtBs) (0:2)
* [H.K] vs [wc] (0:2)
* [H.K] vs [Osp] (1:2)
* [H.K] vs [Osp] (0:2)

=== Tied ===
* [H.K] vs [East F] (1:1)
* [H.K] vs [East F] (1:1)

== External links ==
* [http://www.freewebs.com/hk_klaani/index.htm Sausage Fighters first home page]
* [http://www.freewebs.com/sausagefighters/index.htm Sausage Fighters second home page]
* [http://sausagefighters.proboards20.com/index.cgi Sausage Fighters forums]
* [http://www.thegaminguniverse.com/forums/showthread.php?t=14537 Sausage Fighters GU thread 1]
* [http://www.thegaminguniverse.com/forums/showthread.php?t=21355 Sausage Fighters GU thread 2]

[[Category:Clans]]
[[Category:Retired clans]]

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20110721164409/http://www.openlierox.net/wiki/index.php/Sausage_Fighters -->
