'''Top Clan League''' ('''TCL''') is manually edited forum-based Liero Xtreme clan ladder. It was created by [Osp] MileC in March 2008. Currently it consists of 9 clans.

== TCL System ==
TCL is a CW competition between its members. All member clans are given a rank from 1 to 3. A victory against a rank 3 clan gives 1 point, rank 2 two points and rank 1 three points. TCL Cws are played with 10 lives and best of three. TCL staff has also worked out basic weapon ban lists to standardize the cw playing. TCL members are listed manually by points and winning percentage. The list is updated by members theirselves and therefore is hard to fake.

== TCL Rules ==
* TCL matches are best of three
* Rounds are played with 10 lives
* Clans can have a maximum of 8 TCLCWs against eachother during one season (approx. 3-4 months)
* TCL Matches can be played 2v2, 3v3 or 4v4
* All playing styles are accepted (except cheating)

== TCL Members ==
* [MaW] [[Masters @ Work]] (Rank 2)
* [aC] [[Annuit Coeptis]] (Rank 2)
* [NB-AT] [[Nigga Blasta-Assault Team]] (Rank 2)
* [FoH] [[Flowers of Happiness]] (Rank 2)
* [Osp] [[Oldschool Players]] (Rank 2)
* [AoG] [[Army of Glory]] (Rank 2)
* -oFaFo- [[-aFo- & -oFa-]] (Rank 2)
* |LaG| [[Lame Ass Gaming]] (Rank 3)
* [pFe] [[Pure Fucking Evil]] (Rank 3)

== Former Members ==
* [Uw] [[United Warriors]] (Rank 2) - Clan retired
* {Q} [[Quality]] (Rank 3) - Clan left TCL

== TCL Moderating Team ==
* [Osp] MileC (Administrator)
* [Osp] Pera (Administrator)
* [Osp] Zapp (Administrator)
* [AoG] Z01 (Administrator)
* [aC] Legend (Moderator)
* [MaW] 'Orch!D' (Moderator)

== Links ==
* [http://z9.invisionfree.com/lxtopclans/index.php TCL official page]
* [http://z9.invisionfree.com/lxtopclans/index.php?showtopic=46&st=0 TCL CW results]
* [http://z9.invisionfree.com/lxtopclans/index.php?showtopic=13 TCL official bannings]

[[Category:Liero Xtreme Community]]

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20130331062346/http://www.openlierox.net:80/wiki/index.php/TCL -->
