<table border="1" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="400">
<tr>
<td>
<table border="0" cellpadding="2" cellspacing="0" width="100%">
<tr>
<th align="center" colspan="2" style="background:#EFAAAA;" width="25">  Notice
</th></tr>
<tr>
<td style="background:#EFAAAA;" width="20">
</td><td align="center"> This article is about a clan that has been tagged dead. Any info is to be considered purely of historical value. Feel free to correct any inaccuracies.
</td></tr></table>
</td></tr></table>

'''[VIP] - Viking Invincible Pantheon'''

== History ==
[VIP] was founded and started by Odin in September 2005, 5 minutes later Frey (Odins little brother) got recruited as the first member.
It started out as a mortar clan, but soon changed to multimod. The clan died in May 2006.

== Members ==
* [VIP] Hermod (leader)
* [VIP] Odin (leader)

=== Prematurely retired members ===
* Heimdall (IRL friend with Tyr, now active in [aC])
* Tyr (IRL friend with heimdall. Ex co-leader of the clan, one of the leaders of the [aC] clan)
* HeL (active in the nG clan. Other nicks Pandora, Beast and Freedom)
* Bor (Thor's little brother, now retired from the lx community)
* Thor (Ex leader of the clan. The most active [VIP] member ever. He was in [VIP] for over a year *and under his time in [VIP] he helped [VIP] with its proceeding to be a better clan. Now, he is one *of the leaders of [aC])
* Vidar (Valk-x is active in the clan >BS)
* Gefjon (active in the clan [FoH]. Nicks ProFa or Torna)
* Eir (Retired from the whole lx community)
* Gullveig (Active in [OwZ])
* Aegir (dont know where he is)
* Magni (active in [OwZ])
* RagnaroK (havent heard from him)
* JeraX (havent heard from him)
* Vidar (Retierd from whole LX comunity)
* Loke (Know active in the clan[lord])
* Aegir (Know active in the clan {S})
* Frigg (Know active in the clan [lord])
* Frey (Know active in the clan [Cop])
* Svipdag (Know active in the clan [Oa])
* Akilles (Know active in the clan [Finno-12])

=== Kicked members ===
* Var-bad behaviour
* Kvasir-multiclanning
* Lofn-multiclanning
* Pelimies-multiclanning
* Balder-hard to communicate(knowned as [CoD] Tzhaar

== Rules ==
* Be active
* Always be nice
* No Multiclanning
* No Cheating
* No Spamming
* No Camping
* No Running
* No Whining

== Clan Wars ==
* Total number of clanwars played: 98
* Total number of clanwar wins: 55
* Total number of clanwar losses: 43
* Clanwar winning percentage: 56%
* Total number of rounds won: 114
* Total number of rounds lost: 99
* Total number of rounds playing: 213
* Round winning percentage: 54%
* Total number of kills: 2788
* Total number of deaths: 2693

* Player Statistics
* Most kills: 975 (Gullveig)
* Most kills in a 10 life CW: 19 (RaN)
* Highest number of rounds played: 102 (Gullveig)
* Highest number of clan wars played: 49 (Gullveig)
* Highest kill/death ratio: 1,9 (RaN)
* Lowest kill/death ratio: 0,61 (Frigg)

== Clan War settings ==
* Liero v1.0 100lt non-combo (limited weapons)
* Liero v1.0 20lt combo
* 8-bit Warfare v1.2 100lt non-combo
* Modern Warfare v1.0 20lt combo
* Modern Warfare v1.0 100 lt non combo
* Food Fight v0.6 100lt non-combo
* Trick or Treat 0.3 100lt non combo
* MSF 100 lt non combo

== Levels ==
* Fossli facility
* Liero Factory/ Liero Factory (Revisted)
* Castle Strike
* Jail Break
* Bookworm
* Campus
* CristmasTree
* Destrdome
* Jukke Dome
* Lamda Bunker
* Tetrisv2
* Sunrise Mantion
* Poo Arena
* Blat arena
* Ore Querry

[[Category:Clans]]
[[Category:Retired clans]]

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20110721204357/http://www.openlierox.net/wiki/index.php/Viking_Invincible_Pantheon -->
