I often stated that game development is a great way to learn coding. Despite the advertisement to [[Contribute to the source code|source code contribution]] to [[OpenLieroX]], there are indeed really a lot of good reasons why you can learn a lot by game development. And not only about coding itself, but also about advanced algorithms of various sorts and much more. I will present a list on this page.

If you compare it to the learning value of working on any tool or whatever other application, in most cases you will learn more by developing a game because games include a very wide area of technics while most other applications are mostly very limited in the amount of theories and technics involved.

= Computer science =
== Coding ==
Of course the most basic part is the coding itself. That includes the [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_language programming language] and getting used to it. Learning a programming language is not only learning the syntax and semantics - it is also about how you do it right.

In a medium/big sized game (and often even in small), there are often a bunch of different languages used together. In the OpenLieroX project, you will find applications of at least these languages:

* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C%2B%2B C++]. Most of the game and its core is written with it.
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_(programming_language C]). Some rare parts of the game are C code.
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assembly_language Assembler]. Some performance critical parts of the game are written in Asm.
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lua_(programming_language Lua]). We use Lua for ingame scripting.
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Python_(programming_language Python]). The [[Dedicated script|dedicated script]] and a few other scripts use Python.
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bash_(Unix_shell Bash]) / [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z_shell Zsh]. Many scripts to do some management (like [[Development|preparing release packages and distributing them]]) are using either Bash or Zsh.
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CMake CMake]. Our build system uses it.
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PHP PHP]. Our homepage uses it and also the reference implementation of the HTTP masterserver.

=== Libraries ===
Knowing programming languages is not enough. Most languages also come with their own standard library but in many cases, you also need some external libraries or frameworks.

Here a list of libraries that the OpenLieroX core uses.

* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_standard_library C standard library]
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_Template_Library STL]
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boost_C%2B%2B_Libraries Boost]
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simple_DirectMedia_Layer SDL]. This is for initialising the window/screen, doing graphics operations and handling user input.
* SDL_image. For some more image formats.
* GD. Another lib for various image formats and image handlings.
* HawkNL. For networking (TCP/UDP).
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zlib zlib]. Compression.
* libzip. ZIP support.
* libxml2. XML support.
* libcurl. HTTP support.
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenAL OpenAL]. For sound.
* ALUT. For initialising the OpenAL environment and WAV support.
* libvorbis/libogg. For Vorbis OGG support.

For the other languages, we mostly restrict ourself to the standard library.

=== Cross platform ===
If you don't want to restrict yourself to only one platform (like Linux or MacOSX or even Windows), you need to write your code in a way that it is mostly cross platform.

One important point is that the dependencies and libraries you are using are all also cross platform, i.e. available for most or all platforms. If you take a look at the list of libraries we are using, you will find that this is mostly the case.

In practice, this is not all. You will face problems that some things will just behave and work different depending on the platform. Also the platforms themself are by purpose somewhat different and handle things differently. So you will still end up in having different solutions and code paths in these cases for different platforms.

By working on a cross platform project like OpenLieroX, you will learn how to deal with such problems. We have a special article about this topic: [[Port OpenLieroX to another system]]

=== Architecture independence ===
This is somewhat related to cross platform. If you don't want to restrict yourself to one architecture (like [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X86 x86] 32bit) you need to write your code in a way that it is architecture independent. As some platforms (like iPhone or Playstation) are naturally running on a different architecture (like [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARM_architecture arm] or [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PowerPC ppc]), you are often forced to write architecture independent if you want to support those.

OpenLieroX should run on pretty much every architecture. Problems you are facing are for example about big/little endianness and 32bit versus 64bit.

=== Protocols and file formats ===
In many cases, knowledge of protocols and file formats can be usefull, even if a library is doing all the handling for you. In some cases, you even need to implement some basic support for yourself.

Here a list of protocols or file formats you most likely will at least get a bit in touch with at OpenLieroX:

* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transmission_Control_Protocol TCP], [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_Datagram_Protocol UDP]
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypertext_Transfer_Protocol HTTP], [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simple_Mail_Transfer_Protocol SMTP], [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain_Name_System DNS]
* INI, [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XML XML], MP3

Of course, OpenLieroX introduces also some own protocols (for networking) and file formats ([[Levels|maps]] and [[Mod|mods]]).

== Algorithms and data structures ==
You will need and learn all of the basic [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Algorithm algorithms] and [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_structure data structures]. That are at least:

* linked lists, hash maps, vectors, stacks, queues, sets, trees
* sort, search, ...

== Graphics ==
When writing [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_graphics graphics] related code, you are dealing with a wide range of topics, many of them being mathematical. Despite the mathematical part, you are often also dealing with performance problems and optimisations because this is often the most performance critical part. So you need to learn how to optimise your code and at the same time keep it maintainable.

Depending if your game is [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2D_computer_graphics 2D] or [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3D_computer_graphics 3D], the type of mathematics you are applying differs a bit (and probably 3D graphics need even some more deep knowledge of [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linear_algebra Linear Algebra]) but there is also a big intersection.

== Audio ==
You learn about the basic calculation and principles how to calculate the sound modifications when you want to get a 3D sound experience.

== Artificial intelligence ==
The most obvious application of artificial intelligence in games is the computer enemy. AI in games and AI in general is really a topic for itself. Maybe the biggest and most important of all things which you learn by game development but that is up to your own focus.

Also, the subtopics of AI you can apply in a game depends a bit on the type of game. But in most cases, that are at least:

* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planning Planning] and [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Problem_solving problem solving]
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Search_algorithm Searching] and [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pathfinding pathfinding] (e.g. [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A*_search_algorithm A*])
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Machine_learning Learning] (all kinds of: [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supervised_learning supervised], [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reinforcement_learning reinforced] and [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unsupervised_learning unsupervised])
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knowledge_representation_and_reasoning Knowledge representation]
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pattern_matching Pattern matching] and [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pattern_recognition recognition]
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_science Cognitive science]
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_language_processing Natural language processing]

OpenLieroX has some advanced searching functions (sort of A* in an almost continuous space) and a bunch of hardcoded strategies and plans. We are planning to integrate much more soon, like a self-learning bot (based on [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artificial_neural_network neural networks]) and also a [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genetic_algorithm genetically engineered] bot. Also some basic support of natural language processing is planned so that the bot can chat.

== Game theory ==
[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Game_theory Game theory] deals with theoretical questions about strategies and states of games. If you want to answer questions like if there is a strategy for your game where you always will win - that is game theory.

Game theory also matters for some of the artificial intelligence applications.

== Networking ==
If you want to support some sort of multiplayer over a network (like the Internet), you need to know a bit about networking. It is not just about encoding and serializing your data and transfer it somehow over network. A game often needs very low latency. You are usually dealing with problems like:

* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clock_synchronization synchronisation of time] (and events in time)
* synchronisation of the game world state
* unreliable data channel

== Operating systems ==
How [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operating_system operating systems] work is also a whole huge topic for itself. You will scratch many parts of this because a game often has many low level parts in its code where you must know some basics about operating systems. Esp, that is:

* File operations and [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File_system file systems]
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pipeline_(computing Pipes])
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multithreading Multithreading]
* [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_memory Memory]

== Memory handling ==
In case you need to handle with huge amounts of memory, you need to know about memory optimisations and how a computer program usually handles the [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dynamic_memory_allocation memory allocations] on a low level.

We at OpenLieroX esp. considered once to apply parts of [http://people.freebsd.org/~jasone/jemalloc/bsdcan2006/jemalloc.pdf jemalloc].

OpenLieroX also can be build as a special debug version with our own [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malloc malloc] implementation. (See file memstats.cpp.)

== Parallel computing ==
[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parallel_computing Parallel computing] is where many computations are done simultaniosly in parallel. Games often need to make a lot of very heavy and intense calculations. The trend of computers is to have [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiprocessing multiple CPUs] (or [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multi-core_processor cores]) instead of having a single one. To use them all, it is mandatory to write your code in a way that several parts can be executed in parallel. Despite the need for it, it also often leads to more clean code (if you do it right).

So, what you will learn is how to do parallel computing in general. That is both theoretic knowledge and practical knowledge. In the practice, parallel computing is often solved via multiple [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thread_(computer_science threads]), i.e. [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multithreading multithreading]. The interesting parts are about how you synchronise your threads and how you communicate your data from one thread to another in a [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thread_safety safe way].

== Version control ==
You will learn how to work with some kind of [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revision_control version control] system which manages all your source code files and often also other resources of your project. It will keep track over all changes in all files and will make it possible that multiple people can work on the same code. With the history of the changes, you will be able to see what person has done what changes and you can hunt down bugs to specific changes. You can also see what person has written which parts of a source file and thus ask him about some details.

Such a system is even very helpfull and nice to have if you work alone on a project. And it is absolutely mandatory once you work in a team.

In OpenLieroX, we use [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git_(software Git]) - a very powerfull [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distributed_revision_control_system distributed revision control] system. Learning Git is really a whole topic for itself.

= Design =
== Media ==
A game usually needs graphics, sounds, levels or other media. Those need to be created and designed.

== Story ==
Depending on the type of game, you need a story.

= Teamwork =
A project of the size of OpenLieroX needs teamwork. Various people doing various different tasks (coding, designing, distribution, support, testing) need to coordinate. This is even more important for the coding which is the biggest of those tasks. Once there are multiple people working on the same code, they need to coordinate. The source code version control management system is very central for this.

= Management =
A project like OpenLieroX also needs some noteable time for general [[Development|mangement and other things]]. Here some points:

* [https://github.com/albertz/openlierox/issues Issue/bug tracking]
* Releasing (prepare the packages for major platforms and distribution)
* Documentation about interfaces (levels, mods, scripting)
* Support for players
* Development discussions
* Version milestone planning

<!-- imported from Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/20140824201002/http://www.openlierox.net/wiki/index.php/Why_game_development_is_a_great_learning_playground -->
